delete Sonic1u/Data/Palette/SBZ3_WaterPal.act
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE1.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE2.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE3.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic1.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic2.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails1.gif
delete Sonic1u/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails2.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/Amy3.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE1.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE2.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE3.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic1.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails1.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails2.gif
delete Sonic2u/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails3.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE1.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE2.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE3.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE4.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/KTE5.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic1.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic2.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic3.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Sonic4.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails1.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails2.gif
delete SonicCDu/Data/Sprites/Players/Tails3.gif
add mod.ini
